good morning
[Music]
I am really starting to lose my voice
now I'm just gonna call my friend
I do you every morning if you do have a
friend I recommend doing this it just
makes your friend joke so much Anita it
feels like I should wash my hair even
though I only washed it the night before
last don't want to wash it because
otherwise I'll get into the habit of
washing every night which is pretty bad
okay click outfit of the day and today I
am wearing this Peter Pan collared shirt
from Jonny Bowden and then these jeans
from Jonny Bowden and also this headband
from accessorize ok good morning
so today it is raining which makes me
very happy and so I have an excuse to
wear my bright yellow rain mat I've also
got an umbrella with me and my rain hat
but I don't know how much of that will
come in useful
so basically a painter change during
this thing where you can if you it's
like a kind of chance game and if you
get it right then so both of us one up
first
very grudge to reveal your prize which
is pretty sweet yeah you wanna check out
the window section oh absolutely
give me our news free bags
and we are in France very impressed
okay so we're probably in the fifth room
that we haven't seen yet on campus just
making me feel quite better there's a
lot of societies there are so so many
see the morning right now
it means to be doing and why not use the
platform that they're using for
entertainment in an educational way so
not only can I confer it to it have a
laugh let me say two attacks so I'm
basically just sitting in bed I'm still
not feeling 100% but I've decided to
settle down and watch the collaborations
which were recently filmed the study
chief collaborations between Jack herbs
Jade and Eve Carly returning herbs Mo's
video which you should definitely go and
watch if you haven't already basically
spilling the real tea on being a study
tuber I've only watched Jade's and I'm
watching this one now but I do want to
watch Jack's and Eve's afterwards okay
so it's quarter to five and I am I
really haven't been very productive
today at all I'm really sorry I've just
watched all of the YouTube videos I've
actually got to do this for today so I
think I'm gonna start making my way
through that to-do list because I
haven't done anything on it apart from
signing up for societies and going to
the freshers fair
[Music]
okay so I've actually been invited to go
around to my friend's flat and play
cards and things so I'm going to quickly
get re ready because I'm actually in my
pajamas now so my room is so messy as
well because if I'm working my room just
gets so messy when I work I quickly get
dressed quickly tidy up this mess and
then I'm gonna head over for eight okay
so I'm sitting over as you can see I
didn't really have time to that my
fringe dry so I've had to put it back